Autocomplete: update demo description (#2341)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Autocomplete/Overview/description.md

Accepts a local data array.

* [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#dataSource)            
Accepts a local data array, [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object, or DevExtreme data store. In this demo, every Autocomplete component is bound to a local array, except the following components:

    - "Custom Item Template and Data Source Usage"    
    Uses an [ODataStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/).
    

>     - "With Custom Store and Search Options"    

Reviewer: with?

Author: Would "Custom Store and Search Options" be better?

Reviewer: Absolutely. Please make this edit everywhere else this name appears.

    Uses a [CustomStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/).

The [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#value) property stores the selected item. You can use the same property to select an item programmatically, as shown in the "Disabled" Autocomplete component.

> If the data source contains objects, you should specify the [valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#valueExpr) property. It accepts a data field name that uniquely identifies each data object. In this demo, [valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#valueExpr) is specified only for the "Custom Item Template and Data Source Usage" and "With Custom Store and Search Options" components because others are bound to arrays of primitive values.

Reviewer: Same note: With Custom... With? 

Also, when you say "others are bound to arrays", what are you referring to? other what? clarify.

Author: I can change it to "other components"

Reviewer: Yes, other components.

## Configure Search Parameters

> When a user types the first character, Autocomplete displays suggestions. To increase the number of characters that triggers suggestions, use the [minSearchLength](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#minSearchLength) property. You can also specify the time interval Autocomplete should wait before it displays suggestions. Assign this time interval in milliseconds to the [searchTimeout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#searchTimeout) property. See the "With Custom Search Options" Autocomplete component for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user types the first character, Autocomplete displays suggestions. To increase the number of characters that trigger suggestions, use the [minSearchLength](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#minSearchLength) property. You can also specify the time interval Autocomplete should wait before it displays suggestions. Assign this time interval in milliseconds to the [searchTimeout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#searchTimeout) property. See the "With Custom Search Options" Autocomplete component for an example.
```
same question also here about the use of the word "With" in component title

> Usually, the data field that supplies Autocomplete with suggestions ([valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#valueExpr)) is the same data field that is searched for the typed text. If you use two different fields, assign the field that supplies Autocomplete with suggestions to the [valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#valueExpr) property and the field to be searched to the [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#searchExpr) property. Note that [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#searchExpr) also accepts arrays if you want to search multiple fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, the data field that supplies Autocomplete with suggestions [([valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#valueExpr)) - how does this name (valueExpr) fit here? what is it referring to?] is the same data field that is used to search for the entered text. If you use two different fields, assign the field that supplies Autocomplete with suggestions to the [valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#valueExpr) property and the field used to search to the [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#searchExpr) property. Note that [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#searchExpr) also accepts arrays if you want to search multiple fields.
```
